Thank
you.
you. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes.
um
um .
. What
do you remember about your father and your
parents? Well, we had a very lovely child. We had
all kinds of friends. We lived on the farm. We had a
family. And
I remember them going to the fields and fishing.
And I remember the women going to the fields and
fishing. But we had children. Thank
you. What
about you? Okay,
like this, like this, and like that. And we saw him
at first. What kind of presentation? Well, at
first, we were in a car. A long time ago. But we had
talked about a buggy. And we were in a buggy. And
some of you may have heard. Who's eating a buggy?
But we didn't have a buggy. But we did. Okay.
And then the boys go to class and the girls go to
class. Definitely. And then we can go together
once in a while. It's a really good time. Did you go
to high school? .
. . . . .
or
they're in cancer, not supposed to do like that.
They need to go to a clinic. They need to go to a
clinic. They need to go to a clinic. They need to go
to a clinic. They need to go to a clinic. They need to
go to a clinic. They need to go to a clinic. Yes, but
before
I was pregnant and I was 18, and my father was older
than me, he had that first part of the contract.
With the exception of my grandfather. My
grandfather probably was the first in the
country. But
anyway, and then just, you know, kind of all of a
sudden, you know, I
don't
remember ever being
denied it. Is
there anything that you remember about when you
first started school? And
then, when I was a little bit older, and then we were
the fourth grade, they had, and we had a youth group
now, and we had about three teachers. And each
teacher had about three grades. Is
there anything that fascinates you about
farming? Airplanes
and all
sorts of things. We're in an airplane. I don't want
to lose any particular thing. It's probably a very
particular thing that we got to go through all
these things and came to campus and came to the
circle. And we always went to A&M
just to dance. And we used to rock the stage and have
fun. .
. . . . . What
about
you? You got into high school, but did you go to a
very big high school? Well, by that time, my school
had been free. I was in L.A. and was a teacher. You
know, it was considered a high school, .
. . . . You
know, it's a great job. It's a beautiful job to do.
You know, it's great. It's a great job to do. You
know, it's a great job to do. Spanish
for
three years. It looks like I have to say more than
hello in Spanish. It's almost all I understand.
Did they have a ? Are
there any, very many folks, or any patients? No, we
don't have any public students. We don't have any
public students. We don't have any public
students. We don't have any public students. We
don't have any public students. We don't have any
public students. That's
a very huge difference. Tell me about, um, you
know, you had that story with the people. Mm-hmm.
Tell me about that, because it was, you know, what
if they were going to do the same thing they were
doing? Yeah. I don't know if they were going to do
the same thing they were doing. I don't know. I
don't know. Some made the plan, and some graduated
and some didn't. I
was
a
sister
of mine, and she had a number of years in high
school. And then it was good. It was good, and then,
and then, and then, and then, and then, and then,
and then, and then, and then,
Thank
you. One
thing that, for Houston, I'm sure that, you know,
the fashions, like, they have to do with their own,
the fashions they have now. How did they, how did
Patrick get a feeling, you know, over the popular
fashions? The middle ground. The middle ground?
Yeah. The middle ground. Yeah. A straight line
that
came down the
hill, below the hill, and a painted skirt. That was
our main uniform when we went to school. Most
everybody had shoes in their mouth. And we wore
shoes at the time. Mary
Jane's, I believe, Mary Jane's, yeah, but it's got
the tears and the little bow on it and everything.
They're very bad. I don't know. They didn't have a
good place. You know? They did have a good place.
They did have a good place. They did have a good
place. They did have a good place. Well,
they were just a little
beneath. That's what it was. I think that's the
first time in my life that the dress was dead short.
And what I did, that time, I was just a little blind.
One time, I was short legs, and I got married, and
now I'm very short again. That's one of the best
times. We came in on this all the time. What
was the first time when you graduated from
college? What did you do? That was the first time.
When I graduated. When I graduated. Well, from
college. I graduated from school. From school.
Three and a half years. Is
there anything that you can do about your first few
days as a teacher? No. Thank you. And
I remember that They
couldn't sell the whole brand. And for 20 years, we
had this kind of contract. Because they believed
that when a person dies, their soul is going to be
something else. And you might be slain of your
relatives if you break the contract. So that was
interesting to me. And another thing was they
grew. It
was
near
the schoolhouse, and one of the students moved.
And they were requesting the rise, you know, and
they built the residue from the rise, built a
building, and it began to happen. And
they were
terrible, just feet all the way around
the edge. And they would look like braids. And when
they got to where they were still, they would
smother them. They would knock it down so it
wouldn't fall off. Smother them. So that was
everything. But again, that's what I used to go
through when I was young. Rain
Town. It was a very lovely place. It was a very big
room. It was a private bed. It was a big reception
room. And there was a maid and some others. And they
had seven houses. So it was lifelong therapy to
be invited out. And they're always therapy
churches. I had seven nationalities. Because
these people were all working on this thing. They
were English. And I had some of their children. And
I had young children in the community and in
America. I believe I had a Russian student. So,
thank you for the opportunity to work with you. I'm
going to read the first three phrases. Did
you find it out? Did you find it difficult when you
first found it out? No. We had practice teaching.
We observed practice teaching. We didn't do
practice teaching. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no,
no. No, no, no.
What
if
they
do
have to go to church? They
would have to go to another school. And the rest of
the way was between two schools. So if they wanted
to go to another school, they would go to another
school. That's true. . .
. . . So,
.
. . . . . I
know I did one year, and I believe I did two. I'm not
sure about that. I don't know. I don't know. I don't
know. I don't know. I don't know. Thank
you.
We
married in May.
No, we married in June. Been here ever since.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I
just had one. That's me this morning. Did you stay
at home when you first started in the drama school?
Did you stay at home? Yeah. I stayed at home. You
mean, did I live? Yeah, but you never did. I never
did. And
yeah, I took care of her, and I had a baby, and a
little girl, and then I was able to do a little sex
work, and PDA, and church work, and gut work, and
other things. And then after about a year, I went to
go to school. You
know,
I'm hard of hearing, and I'm sure
I can't talk today. I think it's just the wind. It's
the wind. March
was a real March letter. And it always will be. I
think I'll be able to work my way through the year. I
went out yesterday. I'm not sure. It's been a long,
long time. I didn't realize it. The church. What
did you, what did y'all do like on vacation? On
vacation? Well, we used to go to camp in Crips. bed
bags, you know, and a wagon, and a bunch of young
people, different families, you know, and you go
down on the river.
We
would camp out and we would swing. And the boys
would hunt squirrels and things. Of course, we
always had squirrels. We can't do anything. And we
played with the animals. We played with the
flames. All
kinds of games, you know, parties. And sometimes
they beat you up. And they're not very good at it.
And they have to worry about it. They have to live
with it. And their kids, they're saying, they have
to teach them. They have to teach them. And
this was just the typical, the typical vacation
for families to come here for food and to do a lot of
traveling. Yeah. But we used to do it, we used to
visit friends, college friends, you know. Maybe
if we could do it, one of them would come and pick it
up. And that's where we'd go camping. And, uh...
Thank
you.
Amen.